Why Artificial Intelligence:
1) Widely used in banking and financial industry
2) Important feature of medical science
3) Perfect for heavy industries
4) Efficient use in Air transport
5) Changed the face of gaming 
6) Reinvent the world
7) A great help for humans

-> "Artificial Intelligence(AI) is a field of computer science that emphasizes on the creation of intelligent machines which can work and
   react like humans".


Applications of AI:
Google assistant,Siri,Sophia Humanoid Robot,Self Driving Car, Self flying Drones etc.

Intelligence: "It can be defined as one's capacity for understanding self-awareness,learning,emotional knowledge,planning,creativity and 
	       problem solving".

-> AI intelligence is intelligence in machines

What makes Human Intelligent?
Reasoning,Learning,Perception,Problem Solving,Linguistic Intelligence.

AI,ML and DL:

AI is a superset of ML and DL(Deep learning).
DL is a subset of ML.
ML is a subset of AI.

ML around us:  Product Recommendation in Amazon, Amazon Alexa(Turn on the lights,book a ride,order cheese pizza), Movie Reccomendation on Netflix,
		Google Traffic Prediction etc.
What is ML?
ML is a subset of AI which gives a machine the ability to learn without being explicity programmed.Data is the key & the learning algorithm.

How Does Machine Learn?
-> ML algo is trained using a training data set to create a model.
-> When new input data is introduced to the ML algo,it makes a prediction on the basis of the model.
-> The prediction is evaluated for accuracy and if the accuracy is acceptable,the ML algo is deployed.
-> If not then the ML algo is trained again and again with an augmented training data set.

Types of ML:
1)Supervised Learning: In this, You can consider that the learning is guided by a teacher. We have a dataset which act as a teacher and its role 
			is to train the model or the machine.Once the model gets trained it can start making a prediction or decision when new
			data is given to it.
Use Case: Spam Classifier(Most of the spam filtering techniques are based on text categorization methods.We employee supervised ML techniques to
				filter the email spam messages.)

2)Unsupervised Learning: The model learns through observation and finds structure in the data. Once the model is given a dataset, it automatically
			 finds patterns & relationships in the dataset by creating clusters in it.What it cannot do is add labels to clusters,
			 like it cannot say this is a group of apples or mangoes,but it will seperate all the apples from mangoes.
Use Case: Netflix Recommendation(Netflix users ML and algo to help break viewers preconceived notions & find shows that might not have initially
				choosen.)

3)Reinforcement Learning: It is the ability of an agent to interact and finds out what is the best outcome.It follows the concept of bit and 
			  trial method.The agent is rewarded or penaized with a point for a correct or wrong answer,& on the basis of the
			  positive reward points the model train itself.
Use Case: Self Driving Cars(Companies such as Tesla,Google,Wayve and more are working on such machines.It allows machines to learn by 
			    experimentation.)

Limitation of ML:
-> ML algo require massive stores of training data.
-> Lack of creativity.
-> Error diagonsis and correction can be difficult.
-> Time constraints in learning as it learns through historical data.